So what is relax read.
Is all about having a central store where we store the entire application state.
So things like are we loading something data.
We load exercises and the array of loaded exercises and then we have our services and components that
interact with each other.
And that received a state from that central store so that we really have that centralized approach.
We also have actions if we want to change the story.
We don't directly manipulate it.
Instead we dispatch actions that reach so-called reducers were to be precise.
There's only one producer but we can combine it build it from multiple reducers this takes action and
a potential payload and reduces it to a value which then is stored in that central store in the immutable
way.
So it doesn't alter the old store.
It simply takes the old store and replaces a part of it with a brand new value.
The approach shown here is redux and we can implemented an angular.
And you typically do this with DNG are X pattern.
This also follows this approach but the differences are that it's steeply integrated into angular from
the naming conventions by the fact that it uses typescript and so on that it uses our x.
Yes.
And then we have actions and also the so-called side effects.
Side effects are things like.
I want to change the route I wanted to make an HDP request so things which are not stored in the store
you don't store the route there you don't store the HTP request they're the result of the HTP request
but not the fact that you're making one.
So that is a side effects and that's probably now all confusing.
So let's implement this step by step and let's add energy or X to our application.